Add BVH 2-pass example (#816)
LLNL/axom: src/axom/spin/docs/sphinx/bvh.rst

current-minimum candidate data to avoid traversing internal nodes that are farther than
the current minimum squared distance.

Example: Broad-phase collision detection
========================================

Below is an example of how the device traversal object might be used in a broad-

> phase collision detection problem. First, we initialize the BVH with the bounding

Reviewer: After the first sentence in this

> Below is an example of how the device traversal object might be used in a broad-
> phase collision detection problem. First, we initialize the BVH with the bounding
> boxes of all the query objects, and create a traverser object:

Reviewer: I think the example program is testing each element in a surface mesh against each other element, to see if any elements intersect.  If my understanding is correct, will you put in the following change:
```suggestion
The following example tests each element of a surface mesh for intersection with
each other element. It provides an example of how the device traversal object
might be used in a broad-phase collision detection problem. First, we initialize
the BVH with the bounding boxes of all the query objects (mesh elements), and
create a traverser object:
```

in the mesh against each other, our query objects are bounding boxes. Thus, the
traversal predicate tests if the query bounding box intersects with the bounding
boxes of nodes in the BVH:

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/spin_bvh_two_pass.cpp
   :start-after: _bvh_traverse_predicate_start
   :end-before: _bvh_traverse_predicate_end
   :language: C++

Since we do not know the total number of candidate intersections yet, we must
traverse the BVH twice; for the first traversal we count the number of candidate
intersections for each query object, allowing us to compute offset indices and
total storage requirements for the collision pairs:

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/spin_bvh_two_pass.cpp
   :start-after: _bvh_traverse_first_pass_start
   :end-before: _bvh_traverse_first_pass_end
   :language: C++

After computing offset indices and allocating output arrays, we can then perform
a second traversal through the BVH. This time, we will store candidate collision
pairs when we reach a leaf node:

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/spin_bvh_two_pass.cpp
   :start-after: _bvh_traverse_second_pass_start
   :end-before: _bvh_traverse_second_pass_end
   :language: C++

> 

Reviewer: After this last code excerpt, perhaps add a short paragraph saying something like 
"The result of the two-pass query is a list of candidate collision pairs.  A code could then do further operations on these pairs of elements, such as test them for actual intersection."
